chore: fix various typos and update to US English (#23580)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/1.getting-started/12.upgrade.md

The migration guide provides a step-by-step comparison of Nuxt 2 features to Nuxt 3 features and guidance to adapt your current application.

::alert{type=info}

> 👉 Checkout the [**migration guide from Nuxt 2 to Nuxt 3**](/docs/migration/overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
👉 Check out the [**guide to migrating from Nuxt 2 to Nuxt 3**](/docs/migration/overview).
```
